
NedTrain has the ambition to be a first class European rolling stock maintenance company. 
To support their ambition, NedTrain intiated the `Rolling Stock Life Cycle Logistics' (RSLCL) 
applied research and development program, in cooperation with several Dutch universities.

The main question to be addressed by the RSLCL program can be formulated as follows:
\begin{quote}
	How to obtain and maintain the best combination of rolling stock, maintenance
	operations and supply chain, within the context of railway operations, to enable
	our customers to deliver competitive high quality services to their passengers? 
\end{quote}

Focusing on the question stated above,
research conducted within this program is concerned with optimizing
the following Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) regarding the fleet:
\begin{enumerate}
	\item total Cost of Ownership (or Life Cycle Cost) of the fleet;
	\item availability of sufficient transport capacity;
	\item reliability of transport;
	\item quality of transport.
\end{enumerate}

The research scope of the RSLCL program is too wide to be undertaken as a single study.
As such, the program has been divided into three different levels:
the strategic, tactical and operational level,
each associated with a different time-scale of planning and control.
A summary of each level of RSLCL is included below.

\begin{description}

\item[strategic]
Decisions to buy rolling stock involve considerable expenses and tie up resources for years,
Since rolling stock has an average life time of approximately three to four decades. 
The cost for the procurement of rolling stock reflects less than 40% of the life cycle cost.
Although the percentage depends on the scope of the service and operation costs taken
into account, it is fair to say that most money is spend during the years that rolling stock is in service.
It is also true that this amount of money is largely determined and allocated
during the procurement of the rolling stock and the design of the logistic and maintenance
support. Decisions made in this stage have significant and long lasting impact on the life
cycle cost.

\item[tactical]
Given that the rolling stock itself and the maintenance infrastructure are frozen on the intermediate timescale, 
next questions are how to allocate spare parts, 
human resources and maintenance tasks and how to manage the physical flows within a time frame of 1 to 5 years.
The maintenance program can be considered as a set
of knowledge rules to be applied to the condition of a system to deduce the jobs needed to
maintain or to restore its functionality. 
This monitoring function delivers the information to
schedule transportation of train sets to maintenance facilities, execution of jobs and supplies.

\item[operational]
maintenance plans take into account the expected degradation of the condition of trains. A
first quess follows on what is know about general fleet behaviour. For specific trains the
quess can be improved by taking into account its indivudual configuration, use and
maintenance history. Even the actual condition might be measured by sensors and sent to a
health and usage monitoring system
The predictability of required maintenance and the controllability of 
individual jobs correlate strongly with the availability of the fleet.
To reduce the total cost of ownership the fleet availability should increase 
and the level of stocks decrease by better operational planning.
The first one is to reduce uncertainty of maintenance jobs by having a 
continuous image of the technical condition of each specific train on track and its required maintenance, 
based on the implementation of advanced ICT.
The second one is to implement state of the art operational planning and scheduling tools
to deal with process dynamics and to facilitate planned pit stop maintenance.
\end{description}
 
The study for each of the three levels of the research program is undertaken
as a separate project by a corresponding PhD student. 

Since all three projects are interrelated, 
the overall research effort is monitored and directed at regular Steering Group meetings
that take place at most four times a year, involving a representative for each of the stakeholders.

%2 Supportability Analysis Twente 01-01-2009 01-01-2013
%3 Tactical Planning Eindhoven 01-01-2009 01-01-2013
%4 Operational Planning Delft 01-05-2009 01-05-2013 