-- wednesday 22 feb 2017
overview of the most important problems in scheduling
the most important is that the chapters that follow will answer some of the
questions that we address in the introduction
have to seduce readers to make them believe that the questions i'm discussing
in the introduction are quite important and have a realationship with the
chapters that follow

cees: basically: raised research questions that can be mapped to the chapters and
give a preview of how they're addressed in the chapters

tomas: must be embedded in the literature

separate chapter for state of the art or embedded in introduction?
cees: bottom up approach: identify main research questions - make as concrete
as possible and tightly coupled to chapters - then build up a framework to see
what needs to be written in the introduction such that people understand the
questions are important and 

state of the art - target research questions

bottom up again: first research questions & setting up the SOA such that
they're leading to identifying these questions as main gaps in the literature
and whenever we have identified these questions then we have a decent intro to my thesis.

finally about the intro
description of research field - state of the art 
then research questions - conclusions of me stating that these questions are open problems addressed here
then thesis structure - how we answer them

series of lectures and have to present the red line between these chapters to provide an intro to your lecture

-- fri 24 feb 2017

The goal is to convince the reader that flexible decoupled dispatching is an outstanding problem.
I will summarize problems around STPs that *have* been addressed in the literature in a way that makes decoupling seem intuitively missing. 
To make this happen I must emphasize the idea of finding a solution in a distributed environment where individual variables or clusters of variables are controlled by respective actors. 
So, I need to be convincing that such situations do exist.
If other people have tried to addressed this problem (e.g. Boerkoel, the thesis about AGH) then I can borrow some of their arguments and add to them.

Based on this analysis, the outline would look as follows:
- the modelling of temporal constraints in various AI-related problems has
  been addressed by the proposal of STPs
- the challenges w.r.t. dispatching STPs in a centralized manner (efficiency
  and flexibility) and related work that addresses those challenges
- the need for decentralized dispatching in a flexible manner

Based on this analysis, the next step is to read the arguments for why decentralized dispatching of STPs is relevant, made by Boerkoel, Cees, the airport thesis.
